[DX-1722]  Deprecation announcement (#5643)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/basic-config-and-security/security/authentication-authorization/ext-oauth-middleware.md

    parent: "OAuth 2.0"
weight: 7
---
{{< note success >}}
**Note**  

> This will be deprecated from 5.7.0. To avoid any disruptions, please switch to JSON Web Token (JWT) for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tyk's dedicated External OAuth middleware will be deprecated from Tyk 5.7.0. Tyk's [JSON Web Token (JWT)]({{< ref "basic-config-and-security/security/authentication-authorization/json-web-tokens#about-jwts" >}}) authentication method also allows you to integrate with a third party OAuth provider, so the dedicated middleware will be deprecated to reduce duplication and potential for misconfiguration.
```
